good performance in c++

0. good function design and variable design
1. prove that we are not making unnecessary copies, unnecessary memory allocations.
2. get the compiler to do the job as much as possible.
2.1 constexpr usage.. provided we understand immutability in our code.
2.2 how to suggest compiler hey optimize my code.. compiler options..  generalized attributes
2.3 const usage.

crazy friction..
1. some people who use c++ want to drag them selves to use c++ just like C.
2. some people who want to use c++ like c++

since dinosaurs one programming one thing has never come fast.. IO.

for(int &i  : v)
{
	accumulated all the data in stdringview //functions are not io functions
}
cout << ;  //io function



Usage point of view.
1. if you seeing a class X, X class is going to used by us frequently and class X does not belong to us
then starting point is opening official documentation and reading about the class before we use.

X =
string.  Thread, uniquepointer, Mutex , Sempahore


•	Generalized Attributes 
[	] think of symbolism , annotation -- license, passport, 

X is a generalized attribute.
1. who created it.
2. what benefit do I get and when.
3. then start using ...

smart pointers.
1.allocating memory and deallocating memory on the heap , if done by programmer is messy. so to avoid this
we have smart pointers.

2. smart pointers will act like a wrapper..
for example we have a data type called Device Component.

1.do we want dynamic allocation .  yes or no. no ok dont use smart pointers.
2. ok I want dynamic allocation, ok do you want your pointer to be shared..
two pointers point to same memory location. ok .. sharedpointer.
no I dont want pointer sharing.. ok then uniquepointer..
3. whether we are using shared pointer or unique pointer.. on what type..? in our case let is it Device
tell the shared pointer or uniquepoiter hey data type I am dealing is Device.
4. after you created uniquepointer or sharedpoiter for  datatype like device, figure out how to use 
to call the non static funtions of Device.. thru the unique pointer or shared pointer..



after you create an object what do we do.
after you created a variable of a particular data type, what do we do
answer in both cases operations..
with respect to class operations typically mean calling non static functions.



A *obj =new A();
new operator allcoates memory on heap..

delete obj;// this deallocates memory.. hope it does..


we have  a doubt on X.
somebody wants us to explain X and he takes us to lot of thngs unrelated to X.
so queston is how to remove unrelated thing and focus on X.

we have shared called x.
this ptr can be shared . so let us shared things are y, z
y and z are shared from x.
i want to tell y , I no longer want to be attached to X.

y.reset();
y-> invite trouble.


whether use autoptr or sharedptr. we have to give a datatype which it will manage.
data type variable is created on heap and deallocation also is done by the unique ptr or shraed ptr.
due to operator overloading -> we can think as thought the variable of autoptr or sharedptr is like the managed one.

autoptr<device> x;
x is object of autoptr
x->setDevicedetails() , setdevicedetails is  function of device, but i can use it on x because of operator overloading.


struct Device
{

}...



int main()
{
Device d1;
f1(&d1);  // it is understood f1 does not need  unique opt r os ahre

}

Device *d // bad code
you want to categorize pointr cosnt pointer or pointer to constant.

whenever possible start adding the const keyword
------------------------------------------------------------

if my job involves lot of thread programming, first read threads from os perspective and not a language perspective.


Threads.
1. when in doubt dont use threads, justify youir need for a thread.

when not to use threads.
1. if you need timer or if you need scheduled tasks or do something in background and return.. we should not touch
threads..we should explorer other classes..

if higher level of abstraction available prefer it and dont cook things from a lower level.

what is a thread?
a parallel execution within a process can be termed as a thread.

scenarios where threads are needed.

1. Event handling scenarios
2. network programming
3. custom frameworks.

what are the things we should know after getting convinced that we need a thread

1. what is the job that the thread should do first.
2. how to tell I need a thread and attach the job to the thread and start it.
3. once the thread starts do you need to stop in between.
4. when we multiple threads and they need to share a common resource which is not sharable..how to get some of exclusivity..
synchronization  - we should collect data and then synchronize things and not do it based on paranoia
5. do you need inter thread communication..

there is resource called X
there are two threads t1 and t2, which are accessing the resource X
prove some problem is coming with X because of t1 and t2 accessing them parallely.
No I cant prove then stay from synchronization..

1. justify your need for synchronization
2. then decide which section of the code needs exclusivity.
3. then think of the syntax.. mutex usage along with an appropriate lock.

how to print 10 mulitples by creating a thread.
job of thread is to print 10 multiples

try them with async 
and check which one works faster.

main
1. create one thread which will take a function and print 10 multiples of 2.

main.

1. create a asynch and pass the same print 10 multiples of 2.


I want to do job every 10 minutes once. --Timer
I want to do a job on 1st of every month  --scheduled task





today

1. open official documentation of important functiosn and classes.
2. ok i need heap, then think of autoptr and shared ptr.
3. thread are you clear about the context, more than the syntax.






1. variable which both the threads trying to access for change.
















































